feat: faster asset deployment (#137)
jetbridge/cdk-nextjs: README.md

Uses the [standalone output](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/output-file-tracing) build mode.

## Quickstart
```ts
import { App, Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { Nextjs } from 'cdk-nextjs-standalone';

class WebStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    const nextjs = new Nextjs(this, 'Nextjs', {

>       nextjsPath: '../../web', // relative path to Next.js project root

Reviewer: why would this be `../../web`?
isn't it the nextjs project root relative to the repo root?

Author: @revmischa, thanks for your review!
It's just an example. I arbitrarily chose `../../web`. Would you prefer `../web`?
Yes, " the nextjs project root relative to the repo root". Nothing has change with `nextjsPath`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      nextjsPath: './web', // relative path from your project root to NextJS
```
